Consumer Purchase Terms and Conditions
Biktrix Electric Bikes 

Last updated Nov 05, 2021

These Consumer Purchase Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) are a legal agreement between you and Biktrix Enterprises Inc. operating as Biktrix Electric Bikes, a Saskatchewan corporation (“BEB”, “us” or “we”), and apply to all consumer purchases by you of any model of BEB’s electric bikes (“ebike(s)”) and/or related accessories or other products offered by BEB (collectively with ebikes, the “Products”) in the United States and worldwide (except Canada). Purchases in Canada must be made through the Canadian website (www.biktrix.ca) and are subject to the applicable Terms and Conditions contained on that website. By purchasing any Products from BEB, whether online or at our showroom, or by using the Products you thereby agree to these Terms in their entirety. Please read these Terms carefully as they list your obligations and rights and include a requirement that all disputes that you may have under these Terms be taken to arbitration, instead of a jury trial or class action.

1. Application
These Terms apply to your purchase of the Products and use of the ebikes. Other interactions that you have with BEB are subject to other agreements, including the:

Limited Warranty Terms
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Owner’s Manual
A copy of these Terms and all other documents which apply to your purchase of Products are available for you to read on our website.

2. Ebike Online Or In-Store Orders
In the event you are purchasing an ebike

(i) by ordering online,
 (ii) in an BEB retail store (as opposed to a direct purchase in store of in-stock item), or
 (iii) through Biktrix Mobile Service, your order of an ebike is an offer to buy.
BEB will send you an email confirming our receipt of your order. BEB has accepted your order upon shipment of the ebike. We reserve the right at any time, even after we send you a confirmation email, to decline or cancel your order or to limit order quantities for any reason, including errors or suspected fraud.

From time to time, in its sole discretion, BEB may promote special offers, codes or referral programs for certain sales or product launches. Special offers, codes, and referral programs may not be combined and BEB reserves the right to end or pause all such offers, codes, or programs at any time.

3. Refer A Friend Program Terms/Limitations
To qualify for a Referral Reward, the referred person must

(i) be a new customer,
 (ii) provide the name of the referring individual at time of purchase,
 (iii) make a purchase on www.Biktrix.com in an amount greater than the minimum amount specified in the referral offer, and
 (iv) not use any other active promotion or discount on their purchase.
Referring customers will receive a Referral Reward after the referral is confirmed and the referral credit is approved by a customer service member. Customers are limited to referring two (2) people per household. Referring customers may only earn one (1) referral credit per referred person. In the event a referred person returns a purchased Product and their lifetime order value decreases below the minimum purchase amount, the referral credit awarded to the referring customer will be rescinded. Customers may not refer anyone who has an existing www.Biktrix.com account under an alternate email address.

Any abuse of this offer, as determined by us in our sole discretion, may result in the rescission of

(i) the referring customer's referral credit,
 (ii) the referred person's promo code; and
 (iii) both parties' ability to participate in this or future promotions.
Referral credit cannot be applied to previous purchases and is not redeemable for cash. This referral program is subject to modification or termination at any time without notice in our sole discretion.

4. Shipping
All orders under $150 qualify for a flat rate $25 shipping charge. Select orders of $150 or more may qualify for free shipping. Products excluded from the flat rate shipping and free shipping offer are: Batteries ($60 shipping charge per item). Palletized freight orders are subject to additional fees.

We are currently only shipping to the 48 contiguous United States. (For clarity, we DO NOT ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, or other U.S. territories.) If you are a Canadian, please visit our Canadian website for orders to those areas.

A shipping confirmation email will be sent to the email address attached to the order once the order has shipped.
We will use FedEx or other parcel service to ship your order. We DO NOT ship to PO BOXES or APO.
Orders containing discounted merchandise may take an additional forty-eight (48) hours to process.
For all international orders, you are solely responsible for ensuring you comply with all applicable local/state/federal regulations concerning the import and use of electric bicycles. Acceptance of orders outside of the United States shall be in BEB’s sole discretion.
Any changes that you make regarding shipping once the item is shipped, including but not limited to changing the address, putting an order on hold, or updating shipping settings/preferences may delay your receipt of the Products and replacement Products and/or refunds. If you would like to change the color or size of your ebike, you must do so prior to your order being PROCESSED. When an order is Processed, you get an email confirmation stating that NO CHANGES are permitted at this time.
Please note we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or damaged items due to the actions or inactions of FedEx or any other parcel service.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. We recommend using a trackable shipping service and purchasing shipping insurance. We cannot guarantee that we will receive the item you are attempting to return. For more information regarding our limited warranty and claims process, please review our Limited Warranty Terms, which are incorporated into by reference and form a part of these Terms.
For any third-party shipping outside of BEB’s normal shipping process, BEB cannot provide ANY additional shipping information or documentation.
For orders placed through our online store (www.Biktrix.com) with the shipping address of a BEB retail location, expect delays in delivery, please contact the respective showroom for availability, delivery timelines and other details before placing the showroom pick-up order. To purchase Products in-store, please locate a BEB retail showroom near you.
While BEB will try its best to coordinate with the carrier company to get the product delivered, it is the responsibility of the consignee to keep track of the shipment and to coordinate with the carrier for tracking updates and to get the shipment delivered or rescheduled for delivery.
In case of a failed delivery, the consignee is responsible for coordinating and collecting the consignment from the carrier’s assigned location/ pick-up point at the consignee’s cost. If the tracking shows ‘Out for Delivery’ but the package remains undelivered, the consignee should coordinate with the carrier and not Biktrix Inc. It must be noted that some carriers do not allow pre-scheduled delivery or custom delivery timelines/ options, Biktrix Inc. cannot be held responsible for the absence of such services.
All shipping charges are non-refundable. A consignment cannot be considered as ‘LOST’ unless declared by the contracted carrier and therefore BEB cannot be held liable for any shipment that does not show tracking updates after it has departed the BEB’s dispatch facility.
Failed Deliveries: If a shipment is refused by the receiver or delivery returned for any reason, the customer is responsible for the shipment fee both ways (to and from the customer address).
It is the customer’s responsibility to ensure that the shipping address on the order is accurate. If a shipment is lost or damaged or returned due to wrong address, the customer is responsible for all the shipping costs and other costs associated with that shipment.
All Shipping Damages must be reported within 48 hours of delivery. In the event where you receive your package and there is product damage, an investigation will be conducted. During this period of investigation, BEB reserves the right to issue a replacement.
5. Ownership
Title to all Products ordered by you and risk of loss to such Products will transfer to you at the time BEB delivers such Products to the applicable shipping carrier.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we have not received payment in full for the Products prior to their delivery, then the Products will remain our property until such time as payment is received in full. We reserve the right (subject to applicable law) to terminate your right to use the Products if payment is not made when due, or if the credit/debit card company declines payment or requires us to return any payment made for the Products, for any reason.
6. Returns Policy
In order to undertake a valid return, you must obtain written approval for such return from BEB, which can be obtained by completing this request form. Any Products sent back to BEB by you without the written consent of BEB shall be rejected and returned to you at your cost.

Purchased Products (including pre-orders) that have not yet shipped (ie. no tracking number generated), may be cancelled for a full refund
7. Ebike Returns
Returns within fourteen (14) days of delivery:  To return an ebike that is not defective or damaged, you must contact BEB within fourteen (14) days of your receipt of the ebike. The ebike must have less than ten (10) miles on the odometer, be free of any wear and tear, dirt, dust, fragrance, or any other signs of use and must be in the same packaging and condition that you receive it and

You will be responsible for paying a USD$550 shipping fee and a restocking fee as described in 7.3.3 below.

You must receive prior authorization and a prepaid return shipping label from BEB. Returns are not allowed after fourteen (14) days of the delivery date.

Pre-Orders and Backorders and Pre-Order/Backorder Cancellations. Our backorder process is for ebikes that have already been available but are temporarily out of stock. For all pre-orders and backorders, your credit/debit card will be charged immediately. There will be no delay in payment collection, regardless of when the item is expected to ship.
Accessory and Replacement Parts. Any purchase of accessories or receipt of a replacement part under the Limited Warranty is not eligible for return unless the wrong part was shipped by Biktrix. 
Non-returnable/non-refundable Items. Used Products, batteries, special orders, sale items, gift cards and gifted orders shall not be returnable except in EXTREME cases of breakage/malfunction covered by our warranty, and then only after receipt of our approval for the return.

Refunds.
Any item returned with an order that used a discount code will have the entire discount code value subtracted from the refund value, whether you return one ebike or multiple ebikes.
Refunds will be made after the Ebike is received and inspected.
There will be a restocking fee between 15-50% depending on the condition the bike is received. This fee will be determined once the bike is received and will be with-held from the original payment.
Process for bike returns:
Get written approval (RMA Number) from BEB for a return and a return label
Print and follow all instructions on the label
Arrange to drop off at the shipping company address (Fedex/UPS/Other)
Once the bike arrives, we will check it for damages and then determine the refund amount.
For more information on packaging your bike for transportation please refer to the article here - https://support.biktrix.com/hc/en-us/articles/360051016911-How-to-prepare-your-e-bike-for-return-shipment
Process for returning authorized accessories/parts:
Get written approval (RMA Number) from BEB for a return
Ship the return good(s) to:

Biktrix
ATTN: RETURN – RMA #___________
632 Ave N South
Saskatoon, SK
S7M 2N7
Canada

All shipments sent to BEB without an RMA# WILL BE REJECTED AND SENT BACK.
8. Right of Return
1. Biktrix Merchandise and Helmets:

No returns, refunds, or exchanges would be accepted for merchandise/wearables sold through our website or showrooms.

2. Accessories:

No returns, refunds, or exchanges would be accepted for Accessories sold through our website or showrooms.

3. Wheelsets, Controllers, Displays, T4 Cables, Sensors or any Bike Parts thereof:

No returns, refunds, or exchanges would be accepted for these sold through our website or showrooms.

4. Bikes:

All bikes can be returned based on the guidelines in the E-Bikes Returns section.

All demo and clearance sales are FINAL . No Returns would be accepted on these.

Bikes Acquired via the Indiegogo Campaign are Non-Returnable and Non-Refundable. No Exceptions would be allowed under any circumstances. (see the section titled Terms & Conditions for Bikes Acquired via the Indiegogo Campaign for more info)

All returns and deductions would be at the sole discretion of BEB  

9. Ebike Performance
Please note that information regarding the expected range on a single charge on one of our ebikes is an estimate, not a guarantee. There are many factors that contribute to actual, real-world range for an ebike battery such as age of the battery, temperature, level of assist, speed, payload, and terrain. Given the right conditions, it is possible to get less than the expected minimum range or greater than the expected maximum range. BEB reserves the right to use substitute parts, material, or equipment of equivalent quality and value that meet BEB’s strict standards.

Alteration. Any alterations, modifications, or other changes made by you to an ebike following your purchase which affect the safety, operation, or mechanics of the ebike shall void the Limited Warranty and shall be at your sole risk of harm.
10. Payments
Our website is powered by Shopify and all payments made by you to BEB are processed through Shopify’s payment portal. Payments may be declined or returned to you, in BEB’s sole discretion, for any reason or no reason at all. If we accept a pre-order of any Product, your account, credit card, or other payment mechanism will be charged upon approval by BEB, regardless of when your purchase is expected to ship. If any credit card chargeback of any amount is issued on an order, the Limited Warranty for that order will be paused until the chargeback has been resolved.

Tax. All applicable taxes (including sales tax) will be collected on all orders where such taxes are required to be collected.
Financing. For qualified purchasers, ebikes may be financed through BEB’s consumer financing partners. The necessary qualifications for financing an ebike purchase, and your rights and obligations associated with such purchase, are solely determined by the consumer financing partner. It is your responsibility to review and understand all terms and conditions associated with financing an ebike purchase, and you hereby acknowledge that BEB is in no way responsible for any such financing.
11. Liability
WE ARE ONLY LIABLE TO YOU FOR LOSSES WHICH YOU SUFFER AS A DIRECT RESULT OF OUR BREACH OF THESE TERMS AND WHICH ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE. OUR LIABILITY FOR SUCH LOSSES SHALL BE NO MORE THAN THE AMOUNT OF PURCHASE OF OUR PRODUCTS GIVING RISE TO SUCH LOSSES. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY OTHER LOSSES. THESE TERMS DO NOT EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY (IF ANY) FOR:

(i) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR GROSS NEGLIGENCE;
 (ii) FRAUD;
 (iii) FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION; OR
 (iv) ANY MATTER WHICH IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR US TO EXCLUDE OR ATTEMPT TO EXCLUDE OUR LIABILITY.
YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS GRANTED BY LAW AND THESE TERMS DO NOT AFFECT SUCH RIGHTS.

We recommend contacting your insurance provider to determine if your current insurance policy would cover you in the event of an accident. 

Disclaimer of Implied Warranties
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL PRODUCTS OFFERED BY BEB, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE EBIKES, ARE WARRANTED ONLY TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE APPLICABLE PRODUCT WARRANTY PROVIDED WITH YOUR PRODUCT. OTHERWISE, THE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND THE ENTIRE RISK OF USE AND PERFORMANCE REMAINS WITH YOU. BEB AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND LICENSORS DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

IN PARTICULAR, BEB, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY:

(A) THAT THE PRODUCTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE OR PROVIDED ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS;
 (B) THAT ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH IT WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR RELIABLE; OR
 (C) THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS THEREIN WILL BE CORRECTED.
---------

12. Warranty:
Warranty Clauses/ conditions/ situations not covered under these terms of service would be subject to the discretion of BEB.

Applicable Warranties:

Motor

1 Year

Battery

1 Year

Conversion Kit

6 Months

Other Electronic/ Electrical Components

1 Year

Rigid Bike Frames

Lifetime limited

Full Suspension Bike Frames

Front Triangle 3 Years - Rear Triangle 1 Year*

Forks, Mid-Suspensions

1 Year Limited

Suspension Parts (Bushings Pivot Bearings, Link Plates, Bolts, etc.)

1 Year Limited

Drivetrain Components (Chain, Cassette, Derailleur, Shifter, Chain Ring, etc.)

1 Year Limited, does not include wear and tear.

Freewheel/ freehub

Warranty at the discretion of BEB.

Paint and Decals

1 Year Limited

 

*Cosmetic appearance, color match and size not guaranteed with the replacement.
Lifetime limited warranty for frames do not cover frame breakages caused due to misuse/abuse including overload by the user. Our warranty only covers manufacturing defects as determined by BEB.

 

Warranty void if: 
      Any modifications are made to the product, this includes, but not limited to modifying gear ratios, changing motor settings beyond manufacturer limits, etc.
      Battery is stored improperly/ without following the Battery Care Instructions on our webpage.
      Bolt heads are stripped while assembling/ disassembling any part.
      Axle, axle heads/ bolts are damaged during assembly/ disassembly.
 

No warranty except for out of the box defects/ damages within the first 14 Days of delivery on:

 

      Braking System including but not limited to rotors, brake pads, brake fluid, braking power, etc.
      Tires and Tubes.
      Plastic parts and pieces on the bike.
      Rubber parts and pieces on the bike.
      Kickstand
      Seat, seat post.
      Transmission system alignment.
      Bike Accessories.
 

No warranty on:

 

      Damage caused due to improper assembly or misinterpretation of the assembly instructions/ videos.
      Damage caused due to use of tools not supplied/ authorized by BEB.
      Wear and Tear on bike, bike parts, transmission/ drivetrain systems, components etc.
      Rubber, Plastic and Consumable parts on the bike.
      Remote Programming of the bike.
      E-bike and Motor Controllers, Displays, or any other spare part sold separately from the bike.
      Parts installed by a local shop.
 

Warranty Transfer:

 

Unless explicitly authorized by BEB, all warranties are non-transferable and applicable only to the first owner of the product.

International Warranty Terms and Conditions

 

This is applicable to the customers who own BEB Products and reside in the following regions; Also applicable to the customers who relocated to these regions after making their purchase.

 

Within the U.S.
 

Alaska, Hawaii, US Virgin Islands.

 

Within Canada
 

Nunavut, Northwest Territories, Prince Edward Island, Yukon.

 

Any other country apart from Canada or the USA.
 

All parts, components, and accessories would be covered under warranty as per the Standard Warranty and Terms of Service along with the following conditions. 

The customer would need to cover the cost of shipping for parts or components to and from these regions.
In cases where the parts may need to be shipped for ‘Repair and Return’ a two-way shipping cost would be applicable in advance.
If BEB is required to ship parts for troubleshooting purposes the customer would need to pay, in advance, for the two-way shipping on all parts, BEB would refund the one-way shipping cost on the used parts after the unused parts have been received.
If the bike needs to be sent back to BEB for ‘Repair and Return’, the customer would need to cover the entire cost of two-way shipping of the bike.
If the customer wants to return an accessory to claim a refund, the said item would need to be returned back in its original condition and packaging and by paying the return shipping cost as applicable.
BEB reserves the right to determine the applicability of the shipping charges under all circumstances.
------------

Terms & Conditions for Bikes Acquired via the Indiegogo Campaign

The following terms and conditions are applicable to all the products (including but not limited to Bikes, upgraded parts, Accessories, and Batteries) obtained via the Indiegogo Website or via a custom invoice from one of BEB’s agents for the same amount as the Indiegogo Website.

The Indiegogo Philosophy

Indiegogo is a crowdfunding platform and hence the products are not bought but backed by contributors. The relationship between people and BEB on the Indiegogo platform is of a Backer/ Contributor and an Entrepreneurial Project.

The Following exceptions would be applicable to the products shipped under the Indiegogo Campaign in addition to the existing Terms of Service as enumerated on this page.

Returning the Bike

All products acquired under the Indiegogo Campaign are Non-Returnable and Non-Refundable. No Exceptions would be allowed under any circumstances.

Reimbursements

All reimbursements would be at the discretion of BEB, however, no cash refunds or direct deposit refunds/ reimbursements would be issued to the Indiegogo Contributors in case of warranty issues. In lieu of BEB pre-authorized warranty expenses, BEB will issue store credits equal to the amount as pre-authorized before the commencement of the warranty expense.

Replacements

In cases where a replacement part is sent to fix an issue on the bike, BEB  will not be liable to cover the cost for the removal and installation of the replacement parts.



13. Disclaimer of Certain Damages
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL BEB OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, GOODWILL, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, OR USE; LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, OR OTHER INFORMATION; BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; PERSONAL INJURY; PROPERTY DAMAGE; LOSS OF PRIVACY; FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY OF GOOD FAITH OR REASONABLE CARE; NEGLIGENCE; AND ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER, ARISING OUT OF, BASED ON, RESULTING FROM, OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR THE PRODUCTS, EVEN IF BEB, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY SUPPLIER, OR LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

14. Acknowledgement and Indemnification
You acknowledge that there are inherent anticipated and unanticipated risks and dangers involved with the use of our Products, including the ebikes, whether intended or as a result of misuse. You understand that such risks can result in injury, death, illness or disease, physical or mental damage to yourself, your property, other third parties and their property, or to the property of BEB. You agree to release, waive, defend, indemnify, and hold BEB and its directors, officers, employees, agents, members, partners, suppliers, and licensors harmless and will keep them indemnified from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, relating to or arising from:

(a) your purchase or use of any Products;
 (b) any violation by you of these Terms; or
 (c) your violation of another party’s rights or applicable law.
BEB reserves the right to assume, at its sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with BEB in asserting any available defenses.

15. Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration
THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, AND THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION’S COMPREHENSIVE ARBITRATION RULES. YOU AND BEB AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN US EXCLUSIVELY AND FINALLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, WHICH MEANS YOU AND BEB WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO LITIGATE DISPUTES IN A COURT OR BEFORE A JURY, OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION, A REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, A CONSOLIDATED ACTION OR IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY.

This arbitration requirement applies to any claim or dispute of any kind (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, whether pre-existing, present, or future, and including statutory, common law, or equitable) between you and BEB, its affiliates, agents, employees, successors, assigns, direct and indirect subsidiaries, and any third party providing any products or services to you in connection with your purchase that relates in any way to your purchase of the Products, these Terms, or BEB’s marketing or advertising (“Claims”).
You still have the right to bring individual Claims in small claims court, to the extent that you qualify.
BEB will pay the arbitration/arbitrator fees.
Arbitration shall be administered by the ICDR Canada, subject to its Consumer Arbitration Rules, available at www.icdr.org
Discovery shall be permitted in arbitration subject to ICDR Consumer Arbitration Rules.
The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any arbitrability issues including any dispute over these Terms or this arbitration provision’s scope, application, meaning, and enforceability. The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in court. Any award of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Claims may not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis. You and BEB agree to arbitration only on an individual basis. Neither you nor BEB may join or consolidate claims of others or participate in any claim as a class representative or a class member. If any portion of this arbitration agreement is found unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be severed, and the remaining arbitration terms shall be enforced (but in no event will there be a class arbitration). This paragraph controls over any inconsistent term in any other agreement.
You and BEB agree that the arbitration will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it (including without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings, except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration or by applicable disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies.
16. Notice and Updates
BEB will provide all notices (including legal process) that BEB is required to give by any lawful method, including by making notice available through the Site or by sending it to any e-mail or mailing address that you provide to BEB. You acknowledge that if you do not provide BEB with current and accurate contact information, BEB may not be able to contact you. You agree to send BEB notice by mailing it to:

Biktrix Enterprises Inc. Legal Department, 632 Ave N S, Saskatoon, SK, S7M 2N7, Canada

17. Governing Law
These Terms and any disputes between you and BEB will be governed by the laws of the Province of Saskatchewan, without regard to conflicts of laws.

18. General
Section titles are only for convenience and have no legal or contractual significance. Any list of examples following “including” or “e.g.,” is illustrative and not exhaustive, unless qualified by terms like “only” or “solely.” BEB’s failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive its rights to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. A waiver will only be binding on BEB if it is in a written document signed by BEB. If any provision of these Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining terms, covenants and restrictions will remain in full force and effect. You and BEB intend that the provisions of these Terms be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Accordingly, you and BEB agree that if any provision is deemed unenforceable, where possible, it will be modified to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, which may include its deletion. BEB may assign its rights and delegate its obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice to you, and these Terms will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of BEB’s successors and assigns. BEB shall have the right to assign these Terms, at its sole discretion, without notice to you. You may not assign, transfer or sublicense your rights (if any). These Terms (including any incorporated terms) and any Additional Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and BEB with respect to the Site. Both you and BEB warrant to each other that, in entering this agreement, neither BEB nor you have relied on nor will have any right or remedy based upon any statement, representation, warranty, or assurance other than those expressly stated in these Terms (including any incorporated terms) and any Additional Terms. The preceding sentence will not limit or exclude any liability that cannot be limited or excluded under applicable law. No one other than you and BEB, or BEB’s successors and assigns, will have any right to enforce these Terms.

-------------------------

Refunds/ Reimbursements

 

All refunds/ reimbursements are at the sole discretion of BEB and to the original mode of payment only. In case the original payment mode has changed/ disabled it is the responsibility of the customer to inform BEB about the same as early as possible. Failure to do so may result in a ‘lost’ or suspended transaction and under no circumstances can BEB be held liable for the misplaced transaction or asked for a repeat of a refund to another payment mode. In such cases, the onus is on the customer to contact the relevant financial institution and secure the transaction.

 

While we take all measures to process the approved refunds as soon as possible, there are delays sometimes at the financial merchant’s interface, BEB  cannot be held responsible for delays in the processing of refunds/ reimbursements and the inconvenience/ loss caused due to it.

 

Paypal:

 

The original transaction fee of 3.5% is non-refundable on Paypal.

Beyond 60 Days of payment all refunds/ reimbursements would be in the form of Store Credits.

 

No Reimbursements on:

 

Transfer of parts on a replacement frame.
Transfer of parts on a replacement wheel.
Removal & Replacement of Bike Parts at a local bike shop except where pre-authorized.
Support, diagnostics, troubleshooting steps from a third-party shop, facility, or entity.
 

The maximum liability for a refund including all warranty and return for refund claims combined, whether separate or concurrent cannot exceed the initial purchase price of the product.

19. R-E-S-P-E-C-T Find Out What It Means To Us (hint: a lot!)
We pride ourselves in being nothing but respectful, kind, patient, friendly, and all other pleasant terms that could fit in the mix, and it is critical that those things are returned to our team by customers. We understand that oftentimes when you call/email customer support, it is because something has gone wrong or there is an issue with your purchase (which is the worst!). We also understand that these potential issues cause frustration and sometimes anger; however, we will NOT tolerate rude/vulgar language towards our staff. We will offer a warning if this occurs, after which we do reserve the right to refuse service, terminate your account, issue refunds, void warranties, or cancel orders, each at our sole discretion. If this decision is made it is final and cannot be undone.

Abuse:

Biktrix Inc. considers all its customers and clients extremely valuable, but our employees are invaluable to us. We expect all our customers and clients to behave in a civilized manner with our employees, agents, support staff, showroom personnel, and dealers and treat them with RESPECT at all times. In case of a grievance, the respective issue must be brought to the attention of the support team in a respectful way while communicating on any channel. We understand that oftentimes certain situations can cause anger and frustration to get the better of a human being, however, we will not condone such behavior irrespective of the circumstances.

Swearing or profanity is strictly prohibited on all forms of messaging and such clients would be blocked permanently if they fail to comply after a written warning has been issued to them. Biktrix Inc. adopts a ‘Zero-Tolerance’ policy against any form of verbal/ non-verbal/ physical/ mental/ emotional/ direct/ in-direct/ racial abuse/ harassment/ bullying or slandering towards any personnel of Biktrix Inc. We reserve the right to irrevocably decide to terminate accounts, reject service, cancel orders, discontinue our relationship under such cases including forfeiture of the remaining warranty at our discretion.

 
19. Local Bike Shop - Terms Of Service
In instances where the bike needs to be serviced at a Local Bike Shop, the customer must procure a pre-authorization from BEB to proceed ahead with the warranty claims. Failure to secure a pre-authorization may result in the rejection of the warranty claim made for such works.

Pre- Authorization: Before proceeding with service at a Local Bike Shop, BEB will issue a pre-authorization for an appropriate amount based on the nature of the work that needs to be carried out on the bike.

In cases where the customer receives an estimate from the Local Bike Shop that is more than the pre-authorized amount. It is the responsibility of the customer to secure a revised pre-authorization. Failure to do this excludes BEB from any liability to compensate for the invoice beyond the pre-authorization.

If the customer willfully proceeds with the repair work that costs more than the pre-authorized amount, BEB is liable to only compensate the customer for the amount that was pre-authorized and will not cover the entire amount on the Invoice of the Work.

Diagnostics: In certain cases, BEB will pre-authorize an amount for our customer to take their bike to a local bike shop for diagnostics of the issue. This is intended as a fault-finding process, to have an experienced bike mechanic look at the bike and provide insight into the issue and repair options and to provide a quote for the actual work to fix the problem.

If the bike shop proceeds with the actual work when we have only pre-authorized for diagnostics, then the customer should not assume that BEB will reimburse them for the warranty claim. In such cases, the reimbursement of the warranty claim and the amount of refund would be at the sole discretion of BEB .

Reimbursement for work: Once the job is completed the customer must send us a copy of the invoice and BEB will reimburse/ refund the customer via the original payment method that was used to purchase the bike.

In case the customer wants BEB to pay the bike shop directly, this would need an additional 5 business days to process the payment on BEB’s end. The payments can be made via electronic means only.

Coordination: If the local bike shop requires the customer to leave the bike at a local bike shop for a certain number of days it is the responsibility of the customer to coordinate with the bike shop and seek information regarding the progress of the work on the bike. BEB agents may communicate with the Bike Shop via Telephone and emails during regular BEB business hours, however, it is the owner’s responsibility to be part of all types of communication between the Bike Shop and BEB. Under no circumstances BEB or one of our agents can be held responsible for the job that is done at a Local Bike Shop. In the instance that the local bike shop needs parts that are specifically available from BEB, they need to send a request for these through the original owner of the bike. BEB will not accept parts requests received from the local bike shop directly.

It is the responsibility of the customer to be looped into the proceedings at the local bike shop and to ensure that any emails regarding the work must have relevant people CC'd for transparent communication. BEB  cannot be held responsible for delays at the local bike shop for any reason whatsoever.

Storage Fees: Some bike shops may charge storage fees on bikes that are waiting for parts/ troubleshooting purposes or any similar reason thereof. In cases like these, the customer must pay for the storage fee or take the bike back until such time that the parts have been received and the local bike shop is able to commence work on the bike. BEB  will not cover the Storage Fee at Bike Shops.

20. How To Contact BEB
If you have any questions or comments regarding these Terms, you may contact BEB by any of the methods available on our website at www.Biktrix.com or by mail at the following address:
Biktrix, 632 Ave N S, Saskatoon, SK, S7H 2N2, Canada; ATTN: Legal Department.


